[ENH] Add TextFeatures transformer for text feature extraction (#880)
feature-engine/feature_engine: docs/user_guide/text/TextFeatures.rst

Feature-engine allows you to quickly extract numerical features from short pieces of text, to complement your predictive models. These features aim to capture a piece of text’s complexity by looking at some statistical parameters of the text, such as the word length and count, the number of words and unique words used, the number of sentences, and so on. :class:`TextFeatures()` extracts many numerical features from text out-of-the-box.

TextFeatures
============

:class:`TextFeatures()` extracts numerical features from text/string variables.
This transformer is useful for extracting basic text statistics that can be used
as features in machine learning models. Users must explicitly specify which columns
contain text data via the ``variables`` parameter.

Unlike scikit-learn's CountVectorizer or TfidfVectorizer which create sparse matrices,
:class:`TextFeatures()` extracts metadata features that remain in DataFrame format
and can be easily combined with other Feature-engine or sklearn transformers in a pipeline.

Text Features
-------------

> The transformer can extract the following features from a text piece:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`TextFeatures()` can extract the following features from a text piece:
```

- **char_count**: Number of characters in the text
- **word_count**: Number of words (whitespace-separated tokens)
- **sentence_count**: Number of sentences (based on .!? punctuation)
- **avg_word_length**: Average length of words
- **digit_count**: Number of digit characters
- **letter_count**: Number of alphabetic characters (a-z, A-Z)
- **uppercase_count**: Number of uppercase letters
- **lowercase_count**: Number of lowercase letters
- **special_char_count**: Number of special characters (non-alphanumeric)
- **whitespace_count**: Number of whitespace characters
- **whitespace_ratio**: Ratio of whitespace to total characters
- **digit_ratio**: Ratio of digits to total characters
- **uppercase_ratio**: Ratio of uppercase to total characters
- **has_digits**: Binary indicator if text contains digits
- **has_uppercase**: Binary indicator if text contains uppercase
- **is_empty**: Binary indicator if text is empty
- **starts_with_uppercase**: Binary indicator if text starts with uppercase
- **ends_with_punctuation**: Binary indicator if text ends with .!?
- **unique_word_count**: Number of unique words (case-insensitive)

> - **unique_word_ratio**: Ratio of unique words to total words

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **lexical_divesity**: Ratio of unique words to total words
```

    0  Hello                5
    1    NaN                0
    2  World                5

Python demo
-----------

Let's create a dataframe with text data and extract features:

.. code:: python

    import pandas as pd
    from feature_engine.text import TextFeatures

    # Create sample data
    X = pd.DataFrame({
        'review': [
            'This product is AMAZING! Best purchase ever.',
            'Not great. Would not recommend.',
            'OK for the price. 3 out of 5 stars.',
            'TERRIBLE!!! DO NOT BUY!',
        ],
        'title': [
            'Great Product',
            'Disappointed',
            'Average',
            'Awful',
        ]
    })

Now let's extract 5 specific text features, the number of words, the number of characters, the number of sentences, whether the text has digits, and the ratio of upper- to lowercase:

.. code:: python

    # Set up the transformer with specific features
    tf = TextFeatures(
        variables=['review'],
        features=['word_count', 'char_count', 'sentence_count', 'has_digits', 'uppercase_ratio']
    )

    # Fit and transform
    tf.fit(X)
    X_transformed = tf.transform(X)

    print(X_transformed)

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following output, we see the resulting dataframe containing the numerical features extracted from the pieces of text:
```
